yehova neera en devanam....

God's love never changes...

To have victory in family
**************************

Luke 6:48

He is like  man building a house, who dug deep and laid the foundation on the rock. And when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently against that house, and could not shake it, for it was founded on the rocks.

Make the foundation strong, build it on the rock. So your family stands strong...by his grace.


Colossians 3:13

bearing with one another, and forgivign one another; even as Christ forgave you, so you also must do.

Forgive one another in the family, 

Colossians 3:15

And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to which also you were called in one body; and be thankful.

Show affection and love first in your family.

Colossians 3:17

And whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.

Exodus 25:8

And let them make Me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them.

Isaiah 57:15 --- Where does Christ lives...

For thus says the High and Lofty One Who inhabits eternity, whose name is Holy: "I dwell in the hight and holy place, With him who has a contrite and humble spirit, To revive the heart of the contrite ones."

John 14:23



Pray to change my house and atmoshphere where the King and my Lord comes and dwells..


Songs of Solomon 4:12

A garden enclosed Is my sister, my spouse, A spring shut up, A fountain sealed.

Songs of Solomon 4:13

Your plants are an orchard of pomegranates With pleasant fruits, Fragrant henna with spikenard,

Songs of Solomon 4:16

Awake, O north wind, And come, O south! Blow upon my garden That its spices may flow out. Let my beloved come to his garden And eat its pleasant fruits...

Let house produce good fragrance and fruits... so the Lord come into the house ....

Ephesians 5:33

Neverthless let each one of you in particular so love his own wife as himself, and let the wife see that she respects her husband.

Proverbs 24:3,4

Throuhg wisdome a house is built, And by understanding it is established; By knowledge the rooms are filled With all precious and pleasant riches.


Communication is one the key in family to co-exists smoothly

Proverbs 18:20-22

A man's stomach shall be statisfied from the fruit of his mouth; From the produce of his lips he shall be filled. Death and life are in the power of the tounge, And those who love it will eat its fruit. He who finds a good thing, And obtains favour from Lord.

Have praises in your family...don't annoy your wife with talking negative about her .... to her....

Speak words of Faith.....

Speak life....

Surrender your tongue to the Holy Spirit..

Be cautious .. on how to speak ...Learn and pray that the God guides you to speak....

Word is Life.... Word has power.... speak wisely...

