Nlag 16-August2-2020
++++++++++++++++++++

1 Timothy 3:4

Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of flithy lurcre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;

1 Timothy 3:5
(For if a man know not how to rules his own house, how shall he take care of the church of  God?)

- First take care of your family, then you will be able to take care of the church.
- What's the point of taking care of the church, yet you fail to take care of your own family, your children.

John 12:3

Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.

Be happy, being sad will not help you to construct your family.

Let the family be filled with prayer and house filled by the Lord's praise and worship

Malachi - check how a family should function..

Stand against him, with prayers and praise and with the name of Jesus Christ. The enemy will run away for sure.

Fight my friend with prayer, Stand strong.

Family will have peace when his spirit

Malachi 2:14

Yet ye say, Whereof? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant.

It the law of the LORD "One man should, have only one Woman."


Ecclesiastes 4:10-12

Be in communion with one another, so you stand strong that 


Isaiah 58:11

And the LORD shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drough, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.



2 Things should never be in a family

To guilt someone/others
To point finger

I Peter 3:1

Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel

I Peter 3:5

For after this manner in the old time the holy women also. who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:

Rules of Marriage/ law of Union between a man and his wife.

Genisis 2:24,25

Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.

Law of possession...the relationship
Law of purity
Law of priority
Law of pers
Genisis 2:25
